hey guys this is Austin and today I'm
here with a review of the Google Nexus
10 as Google's first major competitors
to the full-sized iPad the Nexus 10 has
a lot to offer but is it worth it
take a look at the hardware and you'll
see it's quite nice looking with a
10-inch display up front and a soft
touch back there are several nice
touches for example there are two
front-facing speakers which do a
significantly better job with sound and
the perfect list that is bezel to rest
your thumbs while using the tablet it's
also slightly thinner and lighter than
the iPad which will not a huge
difference is an improvement nonetheless
the build quality is quite good for the
most part although I'm not a fan of the
back as the tanky surface feels cheap
and is an absolute fingerprint magnet
you'll find a full complement of ports
including a headphone jack USB port
along with HDMI out hiding on the top
right edge the power and volume buttons
are up top which are a bit awkward to
reach for but it's something you use to
pretty quickly the screen is excellent
with a resolution of 2560 by 1600 it
sports four times the pixels compared to
the Nexus 7 and even beats the iPad 4 on
pure resolution in reality I can't
notice the significant difference
between the iPad and Nexus 10 screens
but that's not a bad thing at all these
are by far some of the best-looking
screens period text is incredibly sharp
with lots of detail even when viewing it
up close and even 1080p videos don't
take full advantage of the screen the
Nexus is running Android 4.2 jelly bean
which has a few new features like a
quick settings menu multi-user support
to share your tablet with other people
and a new keyboard which works like
swipe to speed up your typing there's
also a new camera UI which is a huge
step up and allows you to change
settings extremely quickly instead of
digging through menus performance is
generally very good even with pushing
around a huge amount of pixels the
tablet stays nice and smooth you can run
into issues occasionally in some apps
like Chrome but overall it's solid in
the benchmarks back this up with a 1.7
gigahertz Exynos 5 dual core processor
and 2 gigabytes of RAM this delivers
excellent scores thanks to the brand-new
cortex a15 architecture gaming is no
problem either with plenty of horsepower
for even more graphically intense titles
speaking of apps this is by far the
Nexus tens biggest weakness the Play
Store has a good amount of apps most of
which work here but as far as apps made
for tablets the selection is almost
embarrassing the Twitter app is a great
example of this it's nothing more than a
phone app comically stretched out on the
10 inch screen that's not to say there
aren't decent ads that work well but
compared to the iPad it's a major
downside battery life is excellent in my
testing I was easily able to make it
through several days of casual use
although gaming does take a pretty
significant chunk out of the battery for
only $400 the Nexus 10 brings the best
of Android along with good hardware and
excellent specs it's comfortable to use
has a spectacular screen and plenty of
battery life to last for days
the poor app selection is a big issue
but that doesn't stop the Nexus 10 from
being by far the best 10 inch Android
tablet out there feel free to check out
more Nexus 10 videos here and if you
enjoyed be sure to hit up that like
button and subscribe for more anyway
I'll catch you guys in the next one